[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
When a dazzling
Times Twenty Kaio-ken
did little more
than irritate Frieza,
Goku quickly found
himself in dire straits.
[FRIEZA] Stop talking
nonsense and make this fun!
I have to win...
I owe it to too many
people not to lose...
Don't toy with me!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[FRIEZA] What?!
[FREIZA] Filthy...
Presumptuous...
Imbecile!
[FRIEZA] That rather
caught me off guard.
Is it safe to say someone's
got their fight back?
[groan]
[FRIEZA] Too bad
there's still the whole
"Saiyan" thing
working against you.
[FRIEZA] Lower life forms
are so easy to anticipate.
Right down to their
last desperate bid to live.
[chuckles]
[GOKU gasps of pain]
[heavy breathing]
[chuckle]
Ah!
[GOKU struggling]
[FRIEZA] Ready to
throw in the towel yet?
[FRIEZA chuckling]
Would death be a
welcome reprieve?
Heh... That would
be simple, too.
[heaving breathing]
I can't take this...
No, I'm gonna help--
No!
Piccolo! Dad'll
die if I don't!
Just wait! He's got
something up his sleeve!
[PICCOLO] He's got so
little power left, though,
the question is what?
[GOKU heavy breathing]
Oh my...
What are you up to?
[GOKU even breathing]
[gasp] A Spirit Bomb!
Huh...?
A Spirit Bomb?
Uh, yeah...
That's right...
It's a special last-ditch
move Goku picked up
during his training
regimen with King Kai...
[KRILLIN] See, he
gathers all the energy
from the things
around him:
grass, trees, even us!
Everything down to the
tiniest Namekian microbe.
Basically he uses anything
around him with a life force.
Then he condenses it
into a giant ball of energy,
and presto! You've got
yourself a Spirit Bomb.
Ha. Well... Lucky him...
Guess King Kai
didn't teach us that.
So... But...
I-- I mean, how...?
This place...
Well... it doesn't have
all that much life, right?
Where's the energy
gonna come from?
How should I know...?!
But just look down there.
He doesn't have
a lot of choices...
Plus, he knows
a lot more about it
than any of us do. So...
Maybe he can
make it work.
[GOKU ] I can't
believe I'm doing this.
A Spirit Bomb's the last
thing I wanted to use.
If I mess up, there's no
guarantee it won't split
Planet Namek
right down the middle.
[GOKU] If I don't hit
Frieza with everything
I've got, though, it's
just a matter of time
before he has the whole
universe in a choke-hold.
I have to try something,
even if it's drastic.
Whether it works out exactly
how I need it to or not.
♪
Come on... What is this?
Bravely drudging
up more nonsense
for me to contend with?
[FRIEZA] Heh! What could
you conceivably have left
in your weakened state?
Oh man.
Goku, do you really
think a Spirit Bomb's
gonna be what
does the trick?
[FRIEZA] I don't get
it. What is he doing?
Why would he stand there
essentially motionless?
[GOKU] I call upon the
grasses. I call upon the trees.
I call upon every
single living thing
that either crawls,
slinks, slithers, or swims
on this planet;
on this planet, and in
the entire universe!
♪
[GOKU] That's it.
Just a tiny bit of energy
from each of
you is all I need.
Any neighboring
worlds out there
that don't want to see
Frieza win this fight,
help me defeat him!
Help me create a Spirit Bomb!
♪
[GOKU struggling]
[gasp]
Wha-- What
is that...?
What am
I sensing?
Like I said, it--
The... The Spirit Bomb!
[gasp]
[trembling]
But...
That can't be it...!
[KRILLIN]
That-- That's gigantic!
♪
[GOKU struggling]
Hm...
It's... It's just...
...impossibly huge!
So then this
one's exceptional.
[GOHAN] The one on Earth
was only about this size...
[KRILLIN] Yeah I know,
but that one there's
gotta be at least
fifty yards in diameter.
He shouldn't have been
able to make one that big.
Not from the life
force he would have
gathered from around here.
I think Goku must
be collecting energy
from everywhere in
the entire universe!
Well, from
the looks of things,
Frieza hasn't
caught on yet...
Why doesn't Goku
just use the thing now
while he's got
a good shot?
Maybe... to finish Frieza off
it'll have to be
even bigger than that.
It's the only reason
I can think that
Goku would have to wait.
He doesn't have
much longer...!
Come on...! Hit him, Dad!
[GOKU] That's it.
Keep it coming.
Just a little more...
♪
Amateur...
You're obviously
just stalling...
Make a move.
Or is this ridiculous
pose meant to
signify your
unconditional surrender?
[GOKU] The time
it's taking to gather
all the energy
this thing needs
is leaving me wide open.
Please... don't let
him figure that out!
[heavy breathing]
[GOKU struggling]
Ugh. This is beyond
preposterous...!
How long do you intend
to just stand there?!
[GOKU] You know, that's
a very good question.
[chuckle]
Ape!
Oh no! He caught on!
No, Krillin...
I don't think so.
[heavy breathing]
I'm very sorry about that.
I must've interrupted
your concentration.
[GOKU chuckling]
Errrm. Is this some
kind of joke to you?!
[GOKU chuckle]
Eeeeeya!
[ALL gasp]
[low growl]
[GOKU] Almost there...
I'm not going
to ask you again.
[chuckle]
[growl]
How much
can he stand?
We've gotta help him!
Gohan! Krillin! Now!
Transfer whatever power
you can spare to me!
[BOTH] Huh?
Quickly...
There's no time!
Right...
[wheezing chuckles]
What's the big rush, Frieza?
You're so impatient...
You dare
mock me... Ape?
Ahhh!
Aaahhh...!
[PICCOLO] Pay no attention
to what's going on down there!
Focus your energy!
[GOHAN] Okay!
[heavy breathing]
I've never fully understood
the Saiyan thought process...
Nor do I ever expect to...
Such an unpleasant species.
This pathetic
excuse for a battle
has carried on quite
long enough, I think...
It's time I dealt with you
and this planet
in one fell swoop.
Alas, this includes your
little monkey child too.
With him, the Saiyan
scourge will be wiped
from this universe entirely.
[FRIEZA chuckle] Proving
the fabled Super Saiyan
was just that: a fable.
[gasp]
[FRIEZA] That's no sun!
What the--?!
No. Damn it!
Is tha--
Is that what
I think it is?!
I've never seen a mass
of energy that size!
[FRIEZA] That's
what he was doing!
[PICCOLO] Good. Enough.
Save a little bit of
energy for yourselves.
[GOHAN] All right...
Frieza's wise to Goku's ploy.
You two... Listen up...!
Whatever happens,
you just stay put!
I forbid you to
interfere in any way!
He was forging that
thing right over my head
and I had no idea...!
How was he able to dredge
up that much power?!
[GOKU] Ugh. It's all over now.
Even if this Spirit
Bomb was strong enough
to take Frieza down...
...now that he's seen it,
I've lost the
element of surprise.
Ha! You were going to
blindside me with that...?
How unfortunate.
Don't you hate it when
a plan falls apart...?
I know I certainly do.
[chuckles]
Nice try.
No!
Farewell.
Huh?
[FRIEZA yell]
Piccolo?
Yeah, yeah...
Just hurry and finish
that Spirit Bomb
before he comes back!
I owe you one.
[GOKU groaning]
[PICCOLO] Hey, you
better make it fast
because that
sneak attack was really
the best I could
manage right now...
[GOKU] You got it!
How is that Namekian
still drawing breath?!
I thought they'd
all been taken care of!
[GOKU groaning]
I'm beset on all sides by
sneaking, parasitic flies...!
This is more
than I can stand!
Goku! Hurry it up!
How much longer do you
need to finish that thing?
[PICCOLO]I hate to rush
you, but something tells me
Frieza's losing his patience.
I'm... sorry...
I just need a little
bit more time!
Ugh... Just throw it already!
No! It's not done yet!
[GOKU] It's still too weak!
[groaning]
♪
Hmm... Too pesky to live...?
Ah... But too stubborn to die.
So you say...
You're gonna eat
those words, scum!
What's he doing?
I think he's gonna try
to sacrifice himself...
I mean... He really
can't have all that much
power left after
the move he just pulled.
Goku isn't finished
making the Spirit Bomb yet,
so I think Piccolo's
engaging Frieza in a one-on-one
just to buy him some time.
No he's not!
[KRILLIN] Gohan, wait!
Goku... Please hurry...
[PICCOLO growls]
Well... That
didn't do any good.
[growl]
Arrrhhh!
[heavy breathing]
Hmmm...
Ahhh!
How can someone so
resilient be so dumb?
Unless they have a death wish!
[PICCOLO] We're officially
at the end of our rope, Goku!
Fi-- Finish the
damn Spirit Bomb!
[GOKU] I can't...
[heavy breathing]
Aaahhh!
[PICCOLO groaning]
That's all I've got...
Please tell me you're
almost done with that thing...
It's not finished yet...
[GOKU] Ugh. If I
throw it at Frieza now,
it won't do any good!
Hmmm. Try as I might,
I can't think of a
reason to spare you.
[trembling]
[NARRATOR]
Just moments shy of the
Spirit Bomb's completion,
events have taken an even
more desperate turn...
Can Piccolo be saved?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Wow, we really
came through that
by the skin of our teeth!
[KRILLIN] This
means we can finally
set a course for
home, right?
I think I'm
ready to settle down,
if you know what I mean.
[GOKU laughing]
Uhh... Wait...! Oh no!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[KRILLIN]
Help me...! Goku!